I work with someone. Spots someone assess a model who is willing to change
versus those that will not change. I learned that by conducting
your day in, day out watches. You know your mission of your ship. Your
squad is there somewhere you were only gonna figure that out by
interacting with people in your watch and know. And it is important
to know that there are personnel that, you know, they grew up on the
analog, took off and now also you want to go digital. Were uncomfortable
making the change. It's up to you a leader to say Okay, you guys
do it. Just say what I want You, you, your house. It's a work with
you to figure out that balance you. It just comes when people say
change is good. Good changes. Change followed us said changes his change.
Some people unstoppable change and there are others that are not
help. Everyone deals with change. That's what I do understand your
mission. That won't be long. Hey, by the way, we're bringing in a
new riverboat. Next. You know that riverboat is nothing like the old
partners that we had. It has a brand new engine for people that are
trained on that. So you didn't do it, and I was awful for the mission.